I know I'm not alone when it comes to
struggling to find the time and energy
to start working out and is it just me
or are the choices becoming a bit too
overwhelming there are exercises that
have been around for centuries and for
good reason
so forget about the latest workout
trends and take notes from those who
looked good by doing these eight
timeless and effective exercises one the
300 workout have you seen the movie yet
there are a few people I know that would
kill for a body like that men's health
designed the workout to help people who
want to look ripped quickly but it
actually dates back to ancient Grecian
times and may have been used by the
actual Spartan warriors portrayed in the
film today many film actors follow this
workout to get fast results here it is
pull-ups 25 reps barbell deadlifts 50
reps push-ups 50 reps box jumps 50 reps
floor wipers 50 reps single arm clean
and press with kettle ball 50 reps
pull-ups 25 reps add up all those reps
and guess what you get that's right
300 don't forget to rest about 1 minute
between exercises try this twice a week
and your body might just transform not
only will it help you slim down but you
will also become more athletic and fit
to lying down crawl this workout is
another favorite among martial artists
it's a great way to build strengthen
your core muscles by using your own body
weight it's a type of vertical pulling
exercise and this is how it works
lie face down on the floor with arms
stretched out shoulder-width apart keep
your leg straight and hip width apart
and your toes pointed your spine should
be flat and you should avoid pulling
your head up and
use your forearms and flat palms to pull
your body forward your body should stay
on the ground
continue until your elbows are at the
side of your ribs do a few reps and
increase each week as it suits your
fitness level three farmers walk sounds
simple enough and looks fairly easy to
do this workout activates all the
muscles in your entire body it's
actually a full body workout it also
creates mental toughness and we have the
Vikings to thank for that carrying heavy
weaponry and armor required to a lot of
both physical and mental strength here's
how you do it
grab weights according to your personal
strength walk ten steps look forward
keep your back straight and engage your
core walk back to the starting point
repeat three times you can increase the
weight in the amount of reps as your
strength and tolerance increases and it
will thanks to this workout for Hindus
squats we all know the dreaded squat
that's been around for thousands of
years and can make your legs ache for
days but that's because it really works
the Hindu Squatch is an exercise that
dates back to ancient Indian times it's
been proven to work by a famous wrestler
Gollum Mohammed who performed 500 Hindu
squats every day to keep himself in
shape let's see how it's done stand with
your feet hip-width apart
begin to squat by pulling all your
weight on your toes keep your back
straight look forward and ensure that
your knees go over your toes slightly
lower yourself until you can touch the
floor swing your arms up using the
momentum to start extending from your
knees and hips and return to the initial
position note remember this is a squat
not simply bend forward to touch the
ground five the archer squat the squat
is popular for a reason my friends power
through it and stay consistent and you
will see results the archer squat helps
to improve your balance and lower back
flexibility and this is how it's done
stand with your feet slightly wider than
shoulder-width apart
raise your right foot slightly so that
your weight is on
he'll start lowering yourself bending
your left knee and keeping your right
knee straight you can extend your right
arm to the side once you reach the
lowest point that you can without any
discomfort in your lower back or knees
return to the starting position repeat
on the other side six the Halfmoon
pushup many martial arts students and
masters as well as wrestlers include
this workout into their regular routine
it makes sense since this is an exercise
that helps to build the strength and
mobility required for both of these
sports it also helps to prevent injuries
to the ribs start on your feet and hands
with your knees bent in an almost
sitting position lowering your body pull
yourself through your hands turning your
knees to the right when your chest gets
in line with your shoulders start
turning your knees to the left when your
chest gets in line with your shoulders
again start pushing yourself back to the
initial position the entire move should
be very smooth and go in one motion
creating a semicircle across the floor
seven yadah another workout we can thank
ancient india for is got a mace and it's
been around for over 2,000 years it's
also popular among wrestlers because it
builds upper body strength and also
helps to develop a good grip how it
works is quite interesting
first you need a bamboo pole with a
round piece of clay stone or cement at
the end it kind of looks like a really
big lollipop now you need to grip the
other end with both hands close together
finally you have to swing the ball
behind your back from side to side by
moving your hands in a fluid motion from
one side to the other if this becomes
second nature you could easily lift and
throw your opponent no wonder it works
so well for wrestlers eight bull
carrying this may not be for everyone
but ancient Greece has another
interesting training program to become
fit and strong a man named Milo of
Croton started by Kari
around a newborn calf when he was really
young he continued carrying the calf
everyday even as it grew bigger
so as the calf grew so did my low
strength after a few years he was able
to carry a full-grown bull on his
shoulders this isn't the proven fact
though so I'd rather stick to the more
conventional workouts for now you know
the ones that don't involve carrying a
dangerous live animal on your back
most of these exercises can be done in
the comfort of your own home and with
very little equipment something I'm very
happy about like this video if it
inspired you to try a few not-so-new
workouts have you ever tried any of
these exercises before let me know in
the comments how it worked out for you
subscribe to see more videos that help
you stay fit and healthy and enjoy the
bright side of life thanks for watching
[Music]